So I think when someone separates from the military really depends on
if it was voluntary or involuntary. Those who usually separate separate
on a voluntary basis have some sort of preparation, have a plan,
have something in line that they were looking to for a very long time,
and so that separation is much easier now. They may come to a point
where they realize that, um, they're not part of the same club they
have been for a very long time. So there is a transition for that.
Those who were separated involuntarily have a little bit bigger struggle.
Maybe they didn't do the same leg work that the other individual
did. So they have. Hopefully. Still, some of the same resource
is that they can talk thio even talking to a chapel and to help prepare
for that, um, to get to different options that they may have. But
it really depends on where they're coming from. And what is their
value